feat: add administration and installation docs (#259)
go-vela/docs: content/administration/server/docker/_index.md

---
no_list: true
title: "Docker"
linkTitle: "Docker"
weight: 2
description: >
  This section contains information on deploying the Vela server service with Docker.
---

## Source Control Management Guides

> Vela supports several Source Control Management (SCM) providers to enable the preferences of you and your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vela currently supports two Source Control Management (SCM) providers to enable the preferences of you and your team.
```

Author: I'm not opposed to making this change, but should we be concerned with defining the exact number of providers?

The problem with this approach is it can make the docs inflexible for future change as more providers are added.

Thoughts?

Author: These docs were removed so I think this is addressed 👍
